---
extends: _layouts.post
section: content
title: 2021
date: 2021-05-16
description: An update
categories: [life]
excerpt: An update
---

I think, like most people who attempt to blog often, I understimated how hard it can be to remember to write about things. 
I've probably stopped typing (even now - **ONE** sentence in) about twenty times already to read over what I've written; scrubbing it and starting again each time.

We're now almost at the half way point of 2021 and like a good percentage of privileged people, I've spent most of the last year indoors. 
I've both lost and gained weight, been more sober (short period) and drank more (longer period) at points than I have in years, became obsessed with Lego and comics again and longed for live music, film and comedy.

__I've ran.__ Prior to lockdown I think the furthest I had ran would've been about 400m and I can almost gaurantee that any time I had or had to, I'd have arrived at the destination very red faced and out of breath. In April I managed my first half marathon (coming in at around 2.5 hours).

__I've coded.__ Open Source has always interested me but I'd never felt like I arrived at the right time to be helpful in any way. Over the past few months I have been able
to contribute a little more. It's been fantastic to be able to give back to a community that's given me so much.

__I've loved.__ I cannot overstate how incredibly lucky and privileged I have been to be able to spend the time in the house with my partner and dog. They have been my constant.

I'm going to try and keep up with this again, so hopefully it won't be as long 'til the next post.
